When you were here.
They used to say,
who was that?
Diana Ross.
Who's things all Paul Mccartney and wings mother Fucker,
Bruh.
That was from James Bond's too.
Oh,
that's right.
That's right.
Guns and roses.
I was one time where the fucking remake is so good.
That was you kind of what's in their own song
where he only,
we hear it has actually been on your podcast show.
No,
I definitely have him on man.
Wow.
I definitely have that going on.
I can't imagine.
Seems to have come back from the brink.
Yeah,
right.
Yeah.
Who knows what kind of ego happened and what all happened whenever they went
gimme some volume so I can hear it.
At least I want to hear him say that to be any posture where we go.
Here we go.
Yeah,
look out.
So he was for years,
he went crazy.
Yeah.
Vanished was trying to make that one album forever.
Right.
Took many,
many years.
And everybody's like,
God damn an axl rose went crazy.
I need to see him.
He like Dan was a shame.
Guns and roses was so good.
So good.
And then slowly but surely he fucking came back.
Like really came back like he's fucking back like that dude tours with ACDC now.
Yeah.
I mean he crushes it.
I saw some videos of him on stage.
He's a fucking animal again.
He looks like a heart.
A little bit like one of the people from heart buddy.
But that's just age and time,
you know?
Oh,
I don't think it's agent time.
I think there's a lot of other ingredients could be shrunk down to throw some
shit on to that mix will solve what?
Shrimp and writers,
but just slash looks the same.
A slash looks the same,
but that's what I'm saying.
They're both the same age.
You started out together or close to the same age at least.
Dude,
how much fun must that be?
It I think it's too much fun.
This is my theory.
I think it's too much fun and I think they don't even have to write new shit so
because they don't have to write new shit and it's too much fun.
They're out there just fucking smashing every night.
Fucking smashing,
smashing shows,
smashing tour buses and hotel raking and just smashing each other pussy just
smashing.
They probably crazy.
You probably won't even notice if you fuck a dude if you're that famous break,
you notice.
I think you're wrong.
I begged to differ.
Oh he's got a teleprompter.
What about a fast dude?
Cause you know axl rose at a teleprompter.
But yes,
you want that.
If you're on all the drugs and all the junk.
Not only do I want a teleprompter,
I want it to be highlighted what I'm supposed to say.
I mean he's wearing hot pants.
He is so close.
He's very hot pants with a high cowboy boots with socks
and a mesh top and tidy.
Whities so what is it that makes somebody so famous that they get close to being
almost like a it bisexual?
What you think?
Did you keep bringing up all this gay stuff?
Tell me was your stepdad right?
No Bro.
I've never been gay man.
Never ever.
No.
Never.
Ever,
ever,
ever.
I mean maybe when I'm 60 or 70,
I'll bust out,
you know,
I'll come on somebody,
but I'm not doing anything now.
Gay.
I want a family and everything.
I think there are,
so for re with their expression right that they wear whatever the fuck they
want.
And I think that's a part of the culture of really huge musicians is that they
get very free with the looks.
There's sexuality,
like look at him with his,
with his ripped up pants.
Axl rose backward is a cutie pie or David Bowie.
David Bowie,
when he was in his androgynous state of Prince.
Uh,
I mean you can go on and on and on about men look fucking Mick Jagger.
Mick Jagger would swing his hips.
Yeah.
Puff his lips as well.
Elvis is will stay pretty straight manly thing.
Women's clothing and women's like,
you know,
stuff from like,
he wore stuff from like scarves and shows that what you're saying?
No.
What's that women's clothing store that's in every like little stories.
Secrets?
No,
it's for like kind of more,
you know,
Lane Bryant.
Oh,
we're the big fat lady stuff.
Well,
I mean it's,
I mean what you're saying,
dude,
closed door for fat guys.
Big and tall.
They call it,
but that's like,
some of them are.
It's called the j bond.
It's over there on Pico Boulevard.
He'd been there.
J Anthony always sells those suits over there on stage.
What's up?
Oh,
there he is.
Is that him now?
That's him.
That could be the lady is Sheryl Swoopes.
No,
he's a,
that's his sister.
Looks Weird like that.
It's like you went to spring break,
but that's axle from younger days,
so that's when he advantaged for awhile.
Right.
Oh,
but when he did that,
like he did a big concert in Brazil too,
right?
Yeah.
I remember listening to that and it's,
his voice was kind of struggling a little bit because he has such a script,
such a scratchy voice,
you know,
you've got to think like that voice is probably very difficult to maintain,
but that primal fucking wow
dude,
that was the shit when I was,
that was like,
right when I was graduating high school.
I remember I worked out this shitty little gym and I'd be on the leg press
machine.
Listen to welcome Janette.
What kind of headphones did you have?
A whatever.
They had the big ones out.
I had a Walkman with a cassette.
I might've been a disc player.
Well,
okay,
that one's ridiculous.
That one makes,
Oh,
who is that recent?
Is that Holly Hunter?
That's him now.
Yeah.
No,
it's not Holly hunter.
You sound a bit trite.
You know Holly Harris,
lead singer,
guns and roses.
Oh,
I love guns and roses.
Did you call him?
My brother and I used to beat each other in our room.
We'd fist fight in the yard to fucking guns and roses,
Bro.
AC DC.
It was a music and my childhood was good.
Was was GNR Alice in chains.
That's a weird look.
The,
the,
the thermal of the flannel shirt tied around the waist.
What's that look
right,
but that's a weird look like on purpose as a weird look.
I said,
Darlene Conner,
Hey,
I know I'm not going to wear this flannel shirt,
but I'm going to tie it around my waist.
But Hey,
it's not really a skirt,
right?
It's just like an accoutrement to my outfit of fake ripped pants.
Yeah,
right.
That's a weird look.
Isn't it?
A weird look.
Would you think you'd rather have like a little skirt or like be naked?
You think skirt.
I don't want people judging me really.
I'm looking at my tickets.
Make me self conscious.
But what have you had like a little dick hide or like a little thing that you
could still did looked at.
How big is your dick hide or
you can't get new escape?
Would you ever wear a fake Dick so that people thought your Dick was bigger?
If I did,
it would be not worrying around my waist.
Talking to the front.
I'd have it tucked in my sock
and it would be green.
Like a dark green.
Like people would know.
It's fake though.
Kale.
He'll be like,
oh,
that guy's is fake,
bro.
Why you looking at my deck?
Fuck away from my desk.